SpkGen alternative high-level description (#58)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-bbs-signatures.md

How a signature is to be encoded is not covered by this document. (TODO perhaps add some additional information in the appendix)
(FIXME: Encoding out of scope OK, but wire format is required for test vectors. Unless this document is not normative.)

### Alternative Description of SpkGen

> The following provides a higher-level description of SpkGen. Let the prover be in possession of a BBS signature `(A, e, s)` with `A = b * (1/(e + Sk))` where `Sk` the signer's secret key and,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section provides an explanation of how the Signature Proof Of Knowledge Generation (SpkGen) works. 

Let the prover be in possession of a BBS signature `(A, e, s)` with `A = b * (1/(e + Sk))` where `Sk` the signer's secret key and,
```

    b = P1 + h0 * s + h[1] * msg_1 + ... + h[L] * msg_L

(without loss of generality we assume that the messages and generators are indexed from 0 to L). Let `(i1,...,iR)` be the indexes of generators corresponding to messages the prover wants to disclose and `(j1,...,jU)` be the indexes corresponding to undisclosed messages (i.e., `(j1,...,jU) = [L] \ (i1,...,iR)`). To prove knowledge of a signature on the disclosed messages, work as follows,

> - Randomize the signature `(A, e, s)`, by taking uniformly random `r1`, `r2` in [1, r-1], and calculate, 

Reviewer: Assuming r is as defined in terminology? If so, no need to change anything

Author: Yes, r is as defined in the Notation section (the prime order of G1 and G2).

        1.  A' = A * r1,  
        2.  Abar = A' * (-e) + b * r1
        3.  d = b * r1 + h0 * (-r2). 
  
  Also set, 
        
        4.  r3 = r1 ^ -1 mod r
        5.  s' = s - r2 * r3.
  

>   The values `(A', Abar, d)` will be part of the spk and are used to prove possession of a BBS signature, without revealing the signature itself. Note that; `e(A', Pk) = e(Abar, P2)` where `Pk` the signer's public key. This also serves to bind the spk to the signer's `Pk`. 

Reviewer: Any commentary we can provide here on what P2 is?

Author: updated
